Warn for trust domains that are too long (#2123)
spiffe/spire: doc/spire_agent.md

| `sds`                     | Optional SDS configuration section                                    |                      |
| `trust_bundle_path`       | Path to the SPIRE server CA bundle                                    |                      |
| `trust_bundle_url`        | URL to download the initial SPIRE server trust bundle                 |                      |

> | `trust_domain`            | The trust domain that this agent belongs to (should be less than 255 characters) |           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `trust_domain`            | The trust domain that this agent belongs to (should be no more than 255 characters) |           |
```

| `-socketPath` | Location to bind the workload API socket | |
| `-trustBundle` | Path to the SPIRE server CA bundle | |
| `-trustBundleUrl` | URL to download the SPIRE server CA bundle | |

> | `-trustDomain` | The trust domain that this agent belongs to (should be less than 255 characters) | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-trustDomain` | The trust domain that this agent belongs to (should be no more than 255 characters) | |
```
